[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in the
covert government in Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you.
It's going to be
interesting today.
>> I am very excited.
So are the Greys our friends?
Or they are enemies
or something?
>> This is the important
question because they have such
a different mindset.
We already talked
about that the Greys
have this kind of
agenda where they
want to achieve the overall
evolution of the universe
and doing it on the fly and
as effectively as possible.
So that is kind
of their mission.
They also benefit from
that because they gain back
a bit of their
evolution, and they
can heal through that process.
But they also are pretty--
they can be invasive at times.
And they can be hard to handle
because they show reactions
that people on
Earth, for example,
from their cultural
perspective are not used to.
>> Yeah, people in pop culture
really think they're malevolent
creatures.
And it's kind of
interesting because they're
associated with the alleged
abduction phenomena.
And they're always portrayed
in movies and Hollywood
as these evil entities.
So what would you
say about that?
>> It's true.
So on the one hand,
I'm already sad that we
have this earthly agenda that
portrays the Greys in movies;
the phenomenon of
non-terrestrials, in general,
as a threat.
And there is a lot
of misinformation
from the '50s going on where
we had some institutes that
suggested it would be good
to put some fear upon Earth.
And also, as the Greys are--
well, they can be defined
as warrior species,
even though I wouldn't
say that they 100%
fulfill that criterion.
But they have enemies.
And they do not like the agenda
of the Greys and the claim
that they want to be
part of everything
and kind of create the
way the universe evolves.
>> Do you believe the Greys
have manipulated our DNA
at different points of history?
And if so, why?
>> I know they have.
So we know that there
are about 12 species that
have influences on the
genetics of human life forms.
And there are lots of
evidences in the human genetics
and the way the
human has evolved
from a monkey species that
already show us that there's
something going on.
There are some
artificial elements that
show up very, very quickly.
And you can see, for example,
that humans on this planet show
behaviors that every
other animal doesn't show.
Also, the skin, the way humans
need to wear clothes and stuff,
these are evidence that showed
that the evolution, the way
this monkey species has
evolved from an animal species,
hasn't been done naturally.
>> There's this giant gap.
How do you explain that?
>> Well, the giant gap comes
into being because they have
taken a species that they found
appropriate on this planet
and they have infused their
own genetics into that.
>> And for what reason?
>>They have some loss
on their spirituality
and some bad karma, so to speak,
about the first master line
that they needed to erase.
>> So they believe in karma?
>> No, I believe in karma.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Oh, OK.
>> So I'm saying--
>> That's your opinion.
>> True.
>> Right.
>> So what happened is that
the first evolutionary line
of the Greys--
and we're talking about
a previous version
of the universe--
it had come to a conclusion
that everything in the universe
is only this one point.
And by focusing
on this one point,
you lose all the
diversity of life,
which means the first
evolutionary master
line of the Greys came to a
level 6 consciousness in where
they were so isolated and
so alone and so devastated
that they had nothing at
all that could complement
their evolution.
They only reduce themselves
on a mental process,
which means everything
we experience was
compressed onto one thought
and kind of calculated
artificially.
And diversity is
something that is
very important to the universe
because through diversity, we
all make these, kind of,
surprising experiences.
And we can evolve in
certain directions
that we couldn't evolve
into when we just
think it over and just
sit in a room meditating
and say, oh, yeah, OK,
I could do that, then I
benefit from that and stuff.
So that was the first previous
master line of the Greys
that came so isolated.
And now they have
accepted the thought
that they need a
diverse universe
with all these creatures.
But they--
>> But who created
the first Grey?
>> Well, there are
different answers to that.
On the one hand, of course,
source itself created itself.
But then again, probability
created the Greys,
which means in this previous
version of the universe--
and we're talking
outside of time--
we have a probability
for the Greys to exist.
And that created the Greys.
And it's just a
pure mental thought
that created their belief
system and what they could do.
It's just the universe
thinking about being present
and having experiences.
And when you reduce
all the wonders
of nature and the universe
into just a mind concept,
then you lose a lot of
practical hands-on experiences.
And that is why they
need to reach out to that
and have all these experiences
through having other species
making experiences.
>> Now's that's the driving
factor for them to expand
across all these universes
is what you're saying.
>> Very true, very true.
They needed a driving factor--
and we already talked about
that--
which is in some kind
of stable frequency.
And why, for example,
other species
have mother love as a driving
factor or other emotions that
are positive that makes
life worth living.
They have this thought of
solving problems could be fun.
And that's why they go out
and give administration
to different stances.
>> So they believe
sound before form?
>> That's a different concept.
They are very mentally
based, and they
believe thought before form.
>> That's why I'm curious
because, are they more thought
based, frequency based,
harmonically based?
>> They're almost
purely thought based.
>> OK.
That's interesting.
That gives me more of a--
as looking at this
as a ectobiologist--
because that shows me that they
are a little bit more AI than--
or more advanced
civilization of a humanoid.
What do you think?
>> I think that the Greys
have a different perspective
on the universe.
And they do see the universe
more as a thought concept,
of a mental concept.
>> The thought
concept of whose mind?
>> Interesting.
So in the previous version, the
first master line of the Greys,
the mental concept was
focused on just one observer.
That is why it got failed
because when you only
have one observer
that creates thoughts,
then everything that happens
inside of the universe
is not diverse.
It's just based upon what
one consciousness focused
point can imagine.
Now they have-- because they
already knew that they have
created three master lines,
which also created some kind
of Fibonacci code--
that's a different thing--
they benefit from the concept
that there are lots and lots
of species out in the universe.
And every species is
different to another.
Every individual had their own
thoughts and belief systems.
And through that, they
establish diversity.
And through that, they can
gain evolutionary success.
>> Now you told me earlier
that they also not feed off
of our emotions, but really look
down on us and want experiences
through us that they download,
or they just look at us
as a bunch of hairless apes.
>> [CHUCKLES] They
too are very hairless.
But I think there
are experiences
that a human body can have
because it's a biological body.
When we have this triad
of body, mind, and soul,
we can see the body as a
fully functioning subjective
and individual system.
That is why, for example, when
you go to a roller coaster
and you have this experience
and your mind knows,
OK, it's going down now,
and the body still reacts.
And that is the body
reacting to an impulse
and it creates fun for humans
to experience this communication
between the biological
body on a roller coaster
and the mind that forces that
body upon the roller coaster.
>> Well, then my
next question is,
since we're all on the
same roller coaster,
can they connect directly to us
since we are all from one same
source?
>> Yes, they can.
Everyone can reach
out to everything
because every point
in the universe
is connected to one singularity.
That is the concept a lot of
those propulsion systems work
and a lot of those mind
psychic abilities work.
But they also use technology
that they have created,
and they're very good at that.
They give a lot of the
technology to the Earth.
And so for that
reason, they have
created some kind of internet
all over the universe
in order to move certain
bits of memory and pieces
of information.
>> There are people out there
who claim through contact that
what they believe in--
they were with a Grey
and had gotten pregnant
and had this child.
What are your thoughts on this?
>> So one thing the Greys
did was to establish a school
of Greys, which means that they
take a lot of the freshly born
babies or younger children and
project them into some kind
of school.
We all know that the education
system that is here on Earth
is pushing some
kind of narrative
and some kind of reality.
And it's the same
way with the Greys.
So they educate, especially
children, in some kind of way
or another upon the, well,
the ideas and oneness
of the universe.
>> Where does this
school take place?
How does that happen?
>> So mostly, and this
is especially true
for the beginning of the
contact with the Greys,
it was pretty physical.
So they had some
insulation, some crafts
where they took children onto.
And they educated them.
They showed them their signs,
their hieroglyphs, the history,
and the overall
understanding about how
a connected universe works.
So you can imagine that
this is bringing up
an alternative to the education
system that is here on Earth.
And there needed to be some
kind of restrictions to that.
>> How many of these hybrid
children are living on planet
Earth?
>> I think there's some kind
of counting going on right now.
But if you ask
just my opinion, I
think must be
thousands of people
that have in some
kind of way or another
been influenced
by these programs.
>> And are these programs
all over the planet?
>> To my knowledge, yes.
>> Are they in a space?
>> Especially in the
beginning, they were.
They now use different
ways in order
to communicate and to
coordinate those programs.
>> As a tactical advisor,
in your experience,
have you ever heard of
an invasion scenario
that's potentially
coming from the Greys?
>> That is a very important
question because I've heard
people saying to me, oh, my god.
They want to invade the Earth.
And they made that very
clearly that they have
no interest in this planet.
The way they look
upon this planet
is that it's actually not very
well-functioning for preserving
life because on the
surface of Earth,
you have all those
volcano activities.
You have winds.
You have floods, hurricanes,
all these naturally occurring
things.
And also, there's
nothing that protects
the Earth from potential
outside threats,
like satellites or space race.
These are all things that
do not exist in the planets
the Greys inhabit.
They even have a fully
functioning electrical system
all over the planet.
So the planet doesn't
need another light source.
It glows for
themselves and stuff.
So they made it
pretty clear that they
have no interest at all.
And they don't even--
they can't imagine why
anyone would find it
amusing to be on such a planet.
This might also be
one of the reasons
why all those people
went underground.
>> How do you perceive the
Greys in relation to humanity?
>> If we take into consideration
that there is already
an established system on
this planet that actually has
the right to develop
on their own--
we come back to "the Greys
are invasive" thing--
so that is something that
could be seen critical.
On the other hand, we know--
and we're coming back
to that-- that there's
a lot of deception going
on with this system
and a lot of species
do not even care
about the free will of something
or even the natural development
of a system.
So we cannot talk about
a naturally grown system
on Earth.
In that way, I think the Greys
offer another opportunity
for some people.
Some people might feel attracted
to the way the Greys go
with the flow of the universe.
Some others don't.
I think there are
a lot of people,
especially in the audience,
that do have this heartwarming,
spiritual connection and
are very natural beings
connected to the universe.
Those beings will
not likely tend
to become member of
the Greys imperium.
>> Are interactions between the
Greys and other human beings
being monitored by
other ET beings?
And is there some sort
of diplomatic protocol,
or vice versa?
>> Totally, there is.
Not all of the
species, especially
those that have their own stocks
in the evolution of the Earth.
They might not like the
invasiveness of the Greys.
And I also think, from my
perspective and relationship
to the governments,
that especially not
the military likes everything
the Greys do because they have
their own style, their own
agenda, and Earth people
like to do it their own way.
>> Well, how do the ETs,
including the Greys,
have access to humans?
And how is that determined?
Who determines that?
>> The fundamental physical
point that makes it possible
to have all these
influences is, of course,
the unity of the universe.
Everything is
connected to one point.
So if this one point,
this consciousness unit,
decides to project
out certain energies,
then they can do that.
A lot of technology and
a lot of psychic tricks
are based on that.
Other than that, there
are lots and lots
of techniques and
technologies that
are being used by
different ET species.
And we have all these
reports, for example,
of people feeling influences
of different beings
and different energies,
psychic attacks, or something
that even militaries on Earth
have developed in the '70s
and used and
probably still using.
So these are things that are
real, and they are being used.
The problem of all this is that
if everything is connected,
if somebody does something
self-destructive,
it destructs itself.
>> What's the criteria for
choosing a human being?
>> Sure, you might say that
a farmer in Minnesota has
the same experiences of
abduction or encounter as, I
don't know, a businessman
in New York or something.
That can occur, and that occurs.
And it's based on frequency.
So we know, I think,
about from the '90s,
that every individual
has their own frequency
that they project out.
And it is also included
the level of potential
for certain evolutionary steps.
And that is the criterion
that ET species look for.
>> What frequency is
attracted to them?
What characteristics
makes this person
different than that person?
>> You might want to ask the
question why mosquito chooses
somebody and the person
right next to him or her
isn't affected by
mosquitoes at all.
>> I can answer that.
[LAUGHTER]
>> So it's similar.
If we're talking
about the Greys,
they are looking for the
success of the timeline
of the evolution.
So they are looking for
things in the timeline
and the frequency of
somebody that they
can rely upon to make their
own evolution more successful.
If we're talking about
other types of species,
for example, reptilian
species, that
tend to misuse the system
because they have more
knowledge than the
average man on Earth,
they are looking more
for people that they
can subjugate in some ways.
I wouldn't say that all
reptilians are like that.
We know that there are
a lot of reptile species
that certainly work together
with the governments.
And they have a beneficial
approach to that.
But there are some that are
looking for that frequency.
>> Have you ever heard of
the Greys picking off someone
because of their lineage
or their bloodline?
>> So when we're talking
about reptilian species,
some of them tend to choose
only people in power and in high
education to either infiltrate
them or influence them
because they want to achieve
influence in the power system
of the Earth.
The Greys tend to not be
interested in the power system.
They are looking for genetic
profiles and probabilities
and also temporal lineages that
they can put their agenda upon.
And that is why they don't care
if it's a farmer from Minnesota
or a businessman from New York.
>> Can you define what
a temporal lineage is?
>> Again, they are
time-travel species.
So if they find that
somebody is dedicated
to the Grey's system in some
of the temporal lineages,
so meaning in the
future or in the past,
they will reach out to them.
>> As we conclude this episode,
what message do you have
for our viewers, Tim?
>> So don't be scared.
If you do not want to
take on the opportunities
that the Greys are
offering, then just
articulate it
loudly and clearly.
And also, always remember
that you can be beneficial
for the overall evolution of
the universe and for the shift
that we are experiencing
in this reality and beyond,
by just projecting it
from your heart outside
into the universe.
And if you want,
and I really want
to go with what the community
said in the comments, just
say something like,
all shift happily now.
This is my personal
message as someone
who went through fear a
long time ago and also
my dedication to the process
and shifting of the universe.
And I invite everyone to
join in as I join everyone.
>> Well, thank you, Tim.
It was a great show.
>> It's a pleasure and honor.
Thank you.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> The First Order is the
original name that the Greys
gave themselves.
Their mission's to
bring everyone together
and to structure
all the species.
>> Is there a police
force inside the order?
>> Nobody is controlling the
First Order than the First
Order.
And we have warrior-type
species that are
combined under this alliance.
[MUSIC PLAYING]